Base64 proposal (#372)
Kotlin/KEEP: proposals/stdlib/base64.md

    public fun encodeIntoByteArray(
        source: ByteArray,
        destination: ByteArray,
        destinationOffset: Int = 0,
        startIndex: Int = 0,
        endIndex: Int = source.size
    ): Int

    public fun decode(source: CharSequence, startIndex: Int = 0, endIndex: Int = source.length): ByteArray

    public fun decodeIntoByteArray(
        source: CharSequence,
        destination: ByteArray,
        destinationOffset: Int = 0,
        startIndex: Int = 0,
        endIndex: Int = source.length
    ): Int

    public fun decode(source: ByteArray, startIndex: Int = 0, endIndex: Int = source.size): ByteArray

    public fun decodeIntoByteArray(
        source: ByteArray,
        destination: ByteArray,
        destinationOffset: Int = 0,
        startIndex: Int = 0,
        endIndex: Int = source.size
    ): Int

}
```

#### Construction

The class won't have public constructors, and it is not supposed to be inherited or instantiated by calling its
constructor. Instead, a predefined instance of this class will be provided for each supported Base64 variant:
```kotlin
public open class Base64 {

>     public companion object Default : Base64() {

Author: Done. Thanks for pointing out!

```

## Alternatives

Because Kotlin didn't provide a Common API for Base64 encoding, community has implemented a few libraries targeting this gap:
* https://github.com/05nelsonm/encoding
* https://github.com/saschpe/Kase64

Providing Base64 encoding/decoding directly in the Kotlin standard library avoids additional dependencies,
ensures the API is consistent with other Kotlin stdlib API, and ensures it has a good performance.

## Naming

### Existing functions for encoding a String (UTF-16) to UTF-8 and decoding back

```kotlin
public fun String.encodeToByteArray(...): ByteArray

public fun ByteArray.decodeToString(...): String
```

### Proposed naming

When researching usages of Java `Base64`, we observed two patterns that influenced our design and naming.
First, the vast majority of users obtain an encoder or decoder and use it immediately,
e.g., `Base64.getDecoder().decode(...)`. This led us to avoid separating the encoder and decoder into different entities.
We also didn't find evidence that the benefits of such a separation outweigh the usage inconvenience. 
Second, encoding to `String` and decoding from `String` are considerably more popular than encoding to `ByteArray` and

> decoding from `ByteArray`. Thus, we decided to make the more frequently used functions shorter.

Reviewer: Another reason was that a compound operation like "encode bytearray to base64 string + encode string to utf8 byte array" should have a compound name.

Author: The reverse operation (utf8 byte array -> string -> byte array) doesn't have a compound name.

Reviewer: Yes, in that case we didn't complicate the name thanks to overloading on parameter types.

Author: Done!

* Encode and write the result to a specified `ByteArray`: `encodeIntoByteArray`.
* Decode (a `CharSequence` or `ByteArray`) and return the resulting `ByteArray`: `decode`.
* Decode (a `CharSequence` or `ByteArray`) and write the result to a specified `ByteArray`: `decodeIntoByteArray`.

Any naming suggestions are welcome.

## Dependencies

Only a subset of Kotlin Standard Library available on all supported platforms is required.

## Placement

* Standard Library
* `kotlin.io.encoding` package

## Reference implementation

* `Base64` class: https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin/blob/master/libraries/stdlib/src/kotlin/io/encoding/Base64.kt
* `InputStream` and `OutputStream` extensions: https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin/blob/master/libraries/stdlib/jvm/src/kotlin/io/encoding/Base64IOStream.kt
* Test cases for `Base64` member functions: https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin/blob/master/libraries/stdlib/test/io.encoding/Base64Test.kt
* Test cases for `InputStream` and `OutputStream` extensions: https://github.com/JetBrains/kotlin/blob/master/libraries/stdlib/jvm/test/io/Base64IOStreamTest.kt

## Future advancements

> * Adding ability to allow non-zero pad bits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adding an option to allow non-zero pad bits on decoding
```

Author: I've applied the proposed changes.
